theme = "catppuccin-mocha"
font-size = 15
# shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo,no-title
background-opacity = 0.7
background-blur-radius = 20
macos-titlebar-style = "hidden"

# cursor
cursor-style = block
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

# window
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 10
window-padding-y = 10

# keybindings
keybind = cmd+s>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+s>x=close_surface
keybind = cmd+s>n=new_window

# quick tab switch
keybind = cmd+s>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = cmd+s>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = cmd+s>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = cmd+s>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = cmd+s>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = cmd+s>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = cmd+s>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = cmd+s>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = cmd+s>9=goto_tab:9

# split management
keybind = cmd+s>|=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+s>-=new_split:down
keybind = cmd+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+s>l=goto_split:right
keybind = cmd+s>z=toggle_split_zoom
keybind = cmd+s>e=equalize_splits

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard
